docs: add READMEs for Slurm integration interface implementations (#239)
charmed-hpc/slurm-charms: internal/slurmdbd-interface/README.md

# `charmed-slurm-slurmdbd-interface`

## Usage

This package provides the integration interface implementation for the `slurmdbd` interface.
It enables `slurmdbd` (Slurm database daemon) applications to exchange data with the `slurmctld` controller.

> `slurmdbd` receives authentication and JWT secrets, and provides its hostname back to `slurmctld`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides the integration interface implementation for the `slurmdbd` interface. It enables `slurmdbd` (Slurm database daemon) applications to exchange data with the `slurmctld` controller, such as authentication, JWT secrets, and hostnames. 
```

To install, add `charmed-slurm-slurmdbd-interface` to your Python dependencies.
Then in your Python code, import as:

```python
from charmed_slurm_slurmdbd_interface import (
    DatabaseData,
    SlurmdbdProvider,
    SlurmdbdRequirer,
    controller_ready,
    database_ready,
)
```

## Direction

The `slurmdbd` interface implements a provider/requirer pattern.
The Provider is the `slurmdbd` application that provides its hostname to `slurmctld` and receives controller data.

> The Requirer is the `slurmctld` application that provides authentication and JWT secrets and consumes the database hostname from `slurmdbd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `slurmdbd` interface implements the provider/requirer integration pattern. The provider-side application, `slurmdbd`, provides the integration endpoint that the requirer-side application, `slurmctld`, needs. `slurmctld` then supplies authentication and JWT secrets to `sackd` through the application databag associated with the integration instance between `slurmdbdd` and `slurmctld`. `slurmdbd` the provides its hostname to `slurmctld` so it can contact the database service.
```

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    Provider -- hostname --> Requirer

>     Requirer -- auth_secret_id, jwt_secret_id --> Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    B("slurmdbd\n(provider)") -- endpoint, hostname --> A("slurmctld\n(requirer)")
    A("slurmctld\n(requirer)") -- auth_secret_id, jwt_secret_id --> B("slurmdbd\n(provider)")
```

```

## Behavior

The `slurmctld` requirer provides controller data (authentication secret and JWT secret)
to the `slurmdbd` provider. In turn, the `slurmdbd` provider publishes its hostname so that

> `slurmctld` can contact the database service.

Reviewer: Can be wrapped into Directions section above; suggestion should cover most of it.
